Joel: Previously
on House of Villains.
Kate. who is your final
Hit List nomination and why?
- That's gonna be Christine.
I'm so sorry.
Christine: Honestly.
Kate can just go fuck herself.
- Tyson has to get eliminated
and he just always
seems to maneuver
getting safe.
Kate: I know. I know.
- We don't want that.
- Finish it strong.
[bell dings]
Kandy: Oh!
We have a winner.
- Fuck.
- This is your opportunity
to not only save my fucking ass
and have me fucking owe you.
but also like be a fucking hero.
- I'm gonna think about it
and I'm gonna pull y'all.
I'm gonna talk to y'all.
- Yeah. Okay.
Paul: I'm not gonna
blindside you.
Two of my closest allies
are gone.
so I can align
with anybody I want.
Tyson: "Congrats.
You opened an envelope
and now you're on the Hit List."
I've already read it.
You can't pass it to me.
Kate: I am now on the Hit List
and I believe that Tom and Tyson
were targeting me.
- Congratulations. Kate.
You are the Supervillain.
- Oh. my God.
Tiffany: Wow.
- If there's a tie in the vote.
it's gonna come down to you.
- That's true.
- I'm asking you
to please let me stay here.
I'm asking you.
- I'll have to think about it.
I'm open to keeping Tom.
He just has to give me
the best apology of his life.
- Kate. I'm sorry
for anything I've done to you
and overall. like.
I think you're dope.
- Thank you.
Joel: All right.
Guys. the votes are in.
The fifth villain to be banished
from the house is...
we don't know.
It's a tie.
It is a tie.
So that means
for the first time
in House of Villains history.
the Supervillain
gets to break the tie.
But before Kate does that.
Christine. make your final plea
to our Supervillain Kate.
- Please don't banish me.
You're still a bitch. though.
- Christine.
your acting performance
continues to baffle me.
Tom. make a final plea to Kate.
- [sighs] I'm at your whim.
I'm at your mercy.
I really. really.
really wanna be here.
And...
as anyone can tell you.
like. I keep--
I keep my word.
I do everything I can.
and I will do everything I can.
Please don't send me home.
- All right. Kate.
you're the Supervillain.
What are you thinking?
- Christine. you're so gorgeous.
but something tells me
you're also very intelligent.
- Are you sure about that. Kate?
- Tom. you say that
you'll try so hard
and you've been trying so hard
and doing your best
and putting your all
into this game.
and you've proven that.
But even when you do your best.
my bare minimum still beats you.
So I'd like to send you home.
- Have fun everyone.
Tiffany: Bye Tom.
Joel: Wow.
- He gone.
- I didn't even ask you
who you were gonna send home
or to push...
- I was ready.
Joel: ...the button.
Tom. any last words?
- I'll try.
- All right.
Get out of here. kids.
You guys go. Have a great night.
- We tried.
- The first two seasons
were decided by a jury.
I'm hoping it's the same way
because I'm sure as fuck
not voting for her.
And I don't know
many people that will.
"I'm so fucking good.
I'm just gonna. like. you know.
cakewalk through this."
- [laughs]
- "Ain't that cool.
everybody? Yeah."
[Paul whistles]
Kate: Don't worry. guys.
I'm also a bartender.
- [laughs]
You did make a pretty mean
espresso martini situation.
- No. that was fire. Kate.
Drita: Oh. that was so good.
- That was a roller coaster
of emotions. as always.
I almost went home
because of Kate
putting me on the Hit List.
And honestly. it's a lot.
But I'm fucking here.
I'm like a cockroach.
and I never die.
- He had a compelling argument.
but also.
I'm happy
Christine's still here.
And he made it impossible
for me...
Drita: No. I know.
Paul: I feel the same.
- ...to choose him to stay.
- I know.
Kate: Last six standing.
Good job. everyone.
Paul: Holy shit.
- This is wild.
Drita: It is.
- Listen. I really
did not want Tom
to leave this house yet.
So I'm pissed.
Paul is working this whole
entire House of Villains.
telling everyone a little bit
of what they wanna hear.
And he's just really fucking
everything up for me.
Paul. you such a lying
son of a bitch.
Paul: Why? What I lie about?
- Because you said earlier
how you was gonna vote.
- I never said that.
Tiffany: Yes. you did!
- No. I didn't.
- Yes. the fuck you did!
Paul: I absolutely
did not say that.
- Okay. I don't even
give a fuck.
- Tell me what I said then.
What did I say?
- I don't want to
repeat you because your words...
Paul: Exactly.
- ...are not worth repeating.
Paul: That's bullshit.
I never told anybody
who I was voting for.
- I don't care.
Paul: Look. as the game
is coming to the climax.
I'm turning up the villainry.
Y'all were the ones
who called me a rat.
so excuse me
while I do a little...
[squeaks]
rat-like behavior activities.
- I'm hurt.
- I know you are.
I know. And you're right.
After all this.
he was gonna tell us
how he was voting and he didn't.
And I'm coming for all of 'em
but I have to be cool.
We have to be cool.
- It's so personal.
- Yeah. Tom definitely
gave way more his heart
into that. way more.
- Every week in this game.
I do something
I just get shit on for it.
And it's like. for what?
For like. just making
a decision on my own?
- I'm gonna tell you why.
She's just truly upset
because she really--she really
cares for Tom and Tyson.
- I did not tell her
I was doing anything.
I told her that I was gonna do
what's best for my game.
and I would consider
their proposition.
I considered it. and it was
this fucking dumb idea.
Sorry.
- [laughter]
- I have to win Super Villain.
or you have to win
Super Villain. tomorrow.
And then everybody
who voted for Tom can go up.
- Are you gonna win
Super Villain?
- I'm gonna fucking try.
- Then help me win it?
- One of the two.
I just lost my best friend
in the house.
and that's annoying
for two reasons.
A. I know Tom had my back
no matter what. and I had his.
And secondly.
the house is gonna be
so boring without Tom here
to share the Superbed with.
Sayonara. sweet Tom.
I miss you.
I'll keep the Superbed warm
if ever you return.
and I'm gonna watch
all of your makeup tutorials.
Tom: I put on a moisturizing
hyaluronic skin mask...
- Can we get a cheers?
Come on.
- Yeah. cheers.
- Get a cheers.
- Yeah. just hit a glass.
Paul: Come on.
- [glasses clink]
- Cheers. yeah.
The fucking tides have changed.
[jazzy music playing]
Tom: ♪ We were together ♪
♪ Now we're not ♪
♪ Left you alone ♪
♪ And I don't feel so hot ♪
♪ One guy ♪
♪ Oh. I'm so sorry ♪
♪ That I had ♪
♪ To leave you. dude ♪
- Spread those wings. baby bird.
Tom: ♪ One night ♪
[stuffed toy squeaking]
Drita: Last night.
I didn't sleep.
so I'm gonna be a cranky
fucking bitch today.
Gizelle's graduating
high school today
and I'm missing her graduation.
so I'm very sad.
Christine: Yeah.
- And I'm just--
I would cry.
'cause I felt bad last night.
I've never missed anything
of Gizelle's.
I'm not gonna cry.
I'm trying not to cry.
Christine: Sorry. I mean--
- I know. it sucks.
- It's gonna be so hard.
- I had to do this
for you. Gizelle.
You're gonna go to college.
I said I'm not gonna cry.
She's fine.
She's okay with it.
I'm just not.
I feel bad. That's all.
- [phone rings]
- Oh. my God! You graduated!
Hey. Giz. You have your cap on?
Being a single mom
with two daughters is not cheap.
Oh. Mommy wants to cry
right now.
I'm so happy. Congratulations.
I'm so. so. so. so proud of you.
This $200.000 really. really.
really will change my life
and my daughter's
so I can help her.
Gizelle graduated.
Kate: Aw.
- Right now as we speak.
She just answered with her cap.
Christine: She just answered
with her cap on? She was--
- And she was getting...
- Aw.
- ...yeah. I know.
I feel better. even though
I'm on. like. no sleep.
Kate: I cannot imagine how
heartbreaking it would be.
She's missing the graduation.
but also it's her
youngest daughter
leaving the nest.
That's a lot.
- It's Gizelle.
Christine: Yay!
[upbeat music playing]
- Paul.
Paul: Yeah. buddy?
- Do you know this trick?
Paul: I mean. yeah.
I just was lazy.
He said.
"Do you know this trick?"
- I don't know what
you're talking about by hand.
- I wanted to feel
the warm pods in my hand.
You know what I mean?
- [PA system rings]
Tyson: What. bro?
Paul: Good morning. fuckers.
Joel: Good morning. villains.
Your next Battle Royale
challenge is upon us.
Please put on the classy
and understated outfits
that a bunch of PAs
placed on your beds.
- Oh. fuck.
Paul: Oh. fuck.
Joel: Be ready in one hour.
Paul: Thanks. Joel.
- Okay. All right.
Let's do this.
Kate: Please be couture.
Um...
- Okay. This is cute.
- Tyson's gonna be so stoked.
- Pretty cool. I do like it.
- I can't believe that outfit.
I'm gonna look like a jerk off.
He'll somehow make that look
like a modeling fucking gig.
I'm gonna look
like an '80s asshole.
- You think we're gonna get.
like. wet or something?
- If we get wet.
I'm in no fucking mood today.
- I know.
- I can't fucking
believe this shit.
- Is this '80s?
These sunglasses. Drita?
Is she in here or no?
Nope? Okay.
- This Battle Royale
is a big deal.
so I'm getting my head
in competition mode
because if I don't win
Super Villain.
I'm definitely next.
Joel: Villains.
please head to the SUVs.
And no.
the drivers cannot stop
at a vape store on the way.
Stop asking. Kate.
Tyson: Everybody wants me gone
except for New York.
So this Battle Royale
is the make or break for me.
And me being able
to nominate three of them
would just be like...
I'd be doing it
for you. America.
Thanks. Paul.
- You're very welcome.
- And me. I want 200 grand.
Paul: What do you guys think
we're gonna be doing?
Aerobics?
Christine: Gosh.
I think it's gonna be something
that we're gonna have to.
like. work out.
You know what I mean? Like...
- For sure.
- It's giving Jane Fonda.
It's giving Work It Out.
you know?
I'm really motivated
to win this challenge today
because I've been playing
from the bottom
this whole time.
So if I can finally get--
I'm trying to say. like...
How do we say. like--
I've been sucking ass meets...
Like. everyone thinks
I suck ass.
and like. I do suck ass.
but I hope moving forward
I don't as suck much ass.
Not like physical workout.
but like work something out.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Christine: Oh. my God.
Tiffany: Oh!
Christine: Oh. wow!
Tyson: Oh. what?
- It's the enchanted forest.
Kate: This is so cool.
Tiffany: It's a foam party.
Drita: It's foam.
- More foam. Bosun.
- We're all thinking it.
We're all thinking it.
- Villains. hi there.
- Hi. Joel.
Joel: How do you like
your '80s garb?
- Hate it. Garb.
Joel: You hate it.
- It's fun.
- Garbage.
- Actually. guys. the bright
colors have nothing to do
with the challenge at all.
We just thought it would be fun
for our lighting department.
Watch this. [claps]
- Oh.
- Oh. I love this.
- Let's lighten it up.
There we go.
What? Why are you so quiet?
- Your shirt says Alan.
- It wasn't there before!
- Why does your shirt say Alan?
Kate: Alan?
- Alan?
- Oh. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Paul: Traitor?
- Hmm.
Christine: Oh.
- Oh.
- [laughs]
- Just so you know.
you guys have stuff
written on your clothes. too.
But we can't see what we wrote.
- Illegal blonde.
- Cold topic.
- Pointy face.
- See. that's how jokes work.
We have to explain it
for five minutes.
Eat that one. traitors.
Welcome to your second to last
Battle Royale Challenge.
Spitting Venom.
Each of you has a designated
venomous snake.
Each of you also has
a designated venom receptacle.
When I say go. you will race
from your receptacle
to your snake.
where you will suck
as much venom as possible...
- Jesus Christ.
Joel: ...into your mouth.
That's right.
It's a sucking challenge.
- Ooh. I'm so glad
I skipped breakfast.
Joel: Once your mouth
is full of venom.
you will re-traverse
the floor and spit that venom
into another
villain's receptacle.
a villain you want to target
and eliminate from the game.
When a villain's spit cup
reaches the tippy-top...
- Gross.
Joel: ...they are out.
Last villain standing wins
and is our new Supervillain.
- This challenge is really
interesting and crucial
because it's gonna expose
a lot of truths in this house.
It's gonna expose
alliances. enemies.
frenemies. ideas. plans.
I mean. everything
is getting exposed here.
- That's not the only thing
that's spitting today.
- Oh. God.
- Oh. no.
- Spew!
[music dies]
- Spew.
- [cork pops]
Joel: There we go.
Kate: Oh. my God.
The whole time?
Joel: Oh. and one more thing.
- Oh.
- The winner of this challenge
will only nominate
two people for the Hit List.
There will be no reward
out in this week
and no Redemption Challenge.
just a cold. hard vote.
- Ooh.
Joel: So. the only way
to guarantee your own safety
is to win
and become Supervillain.
Tyson: The fact that there's
no Redemption Challenge
this round is a bummer
because I am definitely
the biggest target in here.
And now I don't have
an insurance policy.
like. I just have
to win Supervillain
or I am going home.
- I'm gonna give you two minutes
to strategize a little.
- Come here. Nice try.
Tyson: I'm gonna move
twice as fast as anybody.
Anybody talks with me...
Drita: All right. No.
Two minutes. two minutes.
two minutes. two minutes.
Come here. come here.
Kate: Oh. it's so slippery.
Drita: Don't listen to him.
I'm sorry.
Just listen to me.
- I am listening.
- I'm just gonna do my best.
Paul: Or slow. you know?
- Paul. I move twice
as fast as anybody.
I'm watching you.
specifically. Paul.
You spit one thing in my mouth.
in my thing.
I'm coming for you.
we're both out.
We are both out.
Paul: I don't know where all
this newfound courage
came from.
Maybe Tyson's a little salty
because I sent his minion home.
but I don't take kindly
to most things.
Definitely not a threat.
So big mistake. Tyson.
- All right. everyone.
- Christine. are you fast?
- Fuck no.
Does it look like I'm fast?
- Three. two. one.
Suck it!
[Christine yells]
Joel: Spew!
[Tiffany laughs]
Drita: Holy shit.
- Start sucking.
Oh. man.
Tyson is off to an early lead.
I think Tyson. uh.
spat into Kate's receptacle.
He's using the diving method.
Drita: Ah.
Joel: Kate is clearly spitting
into Tyson's receptacle.
- Tyson has a huge target
on his back.
And because everybody knows
that Tyson and I
are an alliance. I feel like
I have a huge target too.
So Tyson and I. of course
we're working together.
And we wanna get Kate
out immediately.
- Here comes New York.
spitting into Kate's receptacle.
Whoa. Careful.
- Drita goes down.
She's coming on her knees there.
She's going over
to Tyson's receptacle.
Seems like everybody
is going for Kate or Tyson.
Drita: It's clearly Tyson
and New York against Paul.
Kate. Christine. and me.
I want Tyson out.
That's my main goal.
But I also wanna win
because Gizelle graduated today.
And I wanna give her
some great news.
Joel: Tyson's is more full
than Kate's.
Very exciting.
- My cup's filling up.
Kate's cup is filling up.
But I'm working with New York
and I'm hoping that
she can just pull it together
even though
she's never won Supervillain
on any of the three seasons
she's been on.
Joel: What happened to New York?
Something happened?
- Something in my eye.
- What could have gotten
in New York's eye?
[Tiffany groans]
Joel: I don't know.
Tiffany: Oh. fuck. This is hard.
I can barely see.
I'm wet in places
that I don't like to be wet.
and my mouth is full of venom.
But I am here to win
this motherfucker.
Something in my eye!
Joel:
Kate and Tyson's receptacles
are almost full
of LA city water.
Oh. we are neck and neck.
Here comes Christine.
Tyson is out. everybody.
Tyson is out.
- Congratulations. guys.
- Tyson. you can finally swallow
if you like.
- I mean. a fair challenge
would have been
to just have everybody
fill up their own
and see
who could fill it up first.
Now. I'm probably gonna be
on the Hit List again.
Game designer.
if you're seeing this.
I know you're only
three seasons in.
but do better next time.
Joel: New York hits Kate
with another one.
Kate is out.
Kate is out of the game.
$200.000 are on the line.
Tiffany: Oh. my gosh!
Joel: Here comes Christine.
mouth full of something.
into New York's receptacle.
New York. your receptacle
is a little bit more
than half full now.
Three of them working together
to get New York out.
What a test of the microphones
that we have here
at House of Villains.
That is it for New York.
New York is out of the game.
New York...
Tiffany: Oh.
Joel: ...is out.
- Paul is now making an effort
to fill Christine's receptacle.
Drita. no one has spat
in her receptacle.
- My cup is empty.
That is
a big advantage for me.
So I'm thinking
we could all take it easy.
do whatever we have to do.
I won.
- $200.000 on the line.
Paul: What are we doing. y'all?
Are we making deals?
Even it out.
Paul and I have venom
in our cups.
but Drita doesn't really
have any.
We all eliminated Tyson
and New York together.
so I want Paul. Drita.
and I to even out the cups.
That doesn't mean
I don't want Drita
to win Supervillain.
I just want everyone
to have a fair shot
and may the best competitor win.
Joel: A lot of different
muscles being used.
Oh. Christine. unexpectedly.
just shot a load
into Drita's receptacle.
- Christine's encouraging them
to target Drita.
Kate: Even it out.
Tyson: Yup. Even it out.
That's fine.
- And Paul is filling up Drita's
as well.
Drita:
I'm getting really confused
when I'm starting to see
that I'm no longer empty.
[dramatic music playing]
- And it looks like
I'm getting tag-teamed
by Christine and Paul.
Are you being even?
Because they don't look like it.
What is happening?
Joel: Whoever gets this
is Supervillain
and gets to put two people
on the Hit List.
- My brain can't really
understand or comprehend
what is happening
because I don't wanna believe
that my own roommate
is dying to beat me.
Christine: I wanna win.
- Oh.
Well then.
Paul's would be the closest.
Paul: Christine. do you want it?
Because if not.
we'll just get you out
and me and Drita can talk.
Do you want it?
Drita: Just keep going.
Christine. Keep going.
I said even from the beginning.
Paul: Okay.
Okay. okay. okay. okay...
Christine: Yeah. Of course.
Christine: Okay.
Drita: You just keep saying okay
but you're not anything...
Paul: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Are you trying to get
your levels all the same?
[dramatic music playing]
- I guess you can't really
answer my questions.
Paul is out. everyone.
Paul is out of the game.
Great job. buddy.
That was impressive.
Paul: Goddamn.
Joel: It's a showdown
between Drita and Christine.
I like Drita's method.
She hits her knees
and she pops back up.
Paul: You got it.
Drita: You spit in my cup
a lot. Paul.
Don't cheer me on.
Paul: What?
- She's mad. She's tired.
- No. I split it up.
Drita: What is going on?
Christine's spitting water
in my cup.
so I'm on fucking fire
right now.
You see me fighting to win.
Why don't you just
let me win?
Knowing today's
Gizelle's graduation.
why is that happening?
Joel: It really comes down
to who can run the fastest.
who can suck the fastest.
and who can spit the fastest.
Drita: Oh. my God.
That went in my fucking ear.
rat-fucking thing.
Right in my ear.
- Careful where you spit.
There are crew members
everywhere.
Ooh. Drita's is so close.
I think we might be one
or two spits away.
We have a Supervillain.
We have a winner.
It is Christine.
Christine is our new
Supervillain.
- It was two on one
for a minute there.
But that's good.
- Drita. you're unhappy?
- I am unhappy
because I was doing
three. three. three. three.
That was not happening
when it was time to.
you know. put it in my cup.
- I'm feeling great
about winning Supervillain.
Honestly. I slayed challenge
and I thought my teammates
would be proud of me.
but I'm getting
the opposite reaction.
It pisses me off.
- All right. everyone.
Back to the SUVs.
Drita: I'm just disgusted
because I was winning.
And then Paul and Christine
screwed me over.
And I'm not gonna be fake
and make believe it's all good.
No. motherfuckers.
It ain't all good.
Fuck that.
- Right now.
I'm in no motherfucking mood.
Christine: Hi.
If these are my friends
I made an alliance with.
by fairness
and the right thing to do.
is I should have won.
You got me in
I-don't-give-a-fuck mood.
How about that?
I'm gonna go fucking ballistic.
- I have a Supervillain
outfit.
♪ Ta. ta. ta. ta. ta. ♪
♪ Ta. ta. ta ♪
♪ Ta. ta. ta. ta. ta. ta ♪
- Fuck these fake-ass
motherfuckers.
What an asshole.
[pensive music playing]
- You know I wasn't banging
at your cup. by the way.
- You were the only one.
I have the majority
of the house against me.
They showed it
in the challenge.
They've showed it
when they voted out Tom.
and there's no
Redemption Challenge.
so I could lay down and die
and have the same result.
But I may as well
just blow things up
for the fun of it.
And a mob circle may kick me
in the stomach
while I'm on my knees.
I felt weird.
But I'm petty as fuck.
I'm very petty. I'm very petty.
- You spit into my cup first.
so I do wanna point that out.
Christine: You did?
- Joel announced it.
Joel: Look at Paul go.
He spat into Tyson's.
- No. You--everyone was spitting
in mine before.
And I watched you.
And I'm gonna tell you
what I watched.
- Yeah.
- Every time you thought
my back was turned.
you pretended like you were.
like. scrambling somewhere.
- No.
- Paul. you don't need to even.
like why are you even...
Paul: Dude. I'm not engaging.
- entertaining us right now?
- You didn't see me throw it
into your cup first.
- You lied to me already.
- I didn't lie to you.
I also did not owe you anything.
- You promised me
that you would tell me
who you were voting for.
- I think it's bullshit
that Tyson is accusing me
of not sticking to my word.
I never really promised
this man anything.
so he's just upset
that I didn't do
what he wanted me to do.
But. I'm here
for the Tyson downfall.
I-- Actually.
this is my favorite show.
- Second place. maybe.
- I know you're putting me up.
Whatever.
- Well. I haven't
even thought about that.
- I've been working with
a certain individual in here.
I just know that the odds
are I'm going up.
- New York has never voted
for me once. to say. so yeah.
As of right now. Tyson
and New York are my targets
so that makes sense to me.
- I know you can't put up
your roommate.
I know you can't put up
friends and things
you have in this house.
But I'm not gonna be in here
playing fake
or being weird about it.
You know what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
- Tyson. bro.
What's up with that. man?
- Dude.
Paul: Come on. now.
- I've known you were against me
for. like four days. bro.
- Bullshit. brother.
Listen. I know that you've been
throwing me under the bus.
I know you've been--
- I haven't been throwing you
under the bus.
- That's not true. Tyson.
- To who?
- Here's what's frustrating.
Why did you feel
the need to threaten me
in front of everybody. bro?
You said such a strange tone
in that moment.
- I'm watching you
specifically. Paul.
You spit one thing in my mouth.
in my thing.
I'm coming for you.
we're both out.
- And if you wanna...
- Yeah. if you said--
- ...be bitter towards me
and anger towards me.
like. that's just a reflection
of your character. bro.
I don't appreciate the way
that you're talking to me
for a position
that you have put yourself in.
I didn't put you here.
I didn't threaten you
at that competition.
- No. you didn't need to
because you had a mob with you.
- Did I?
Tyson: Yes.
- Or did you just have
a mob against you?
- Both.
Paul: Okay. bro.
Paul: Okay.
- I don't think any of us
planned it this way.
but I love it.
You've got a girl
from "Selling Sunset."
a girl from "Mob Wives."
a girl from "Below Deck."
and Paul. beating you. Tyson.
You have a entire podcast
about discussing
the best strategies
for these kind of game shows.
And you're being beat
by a bunch of girls
who don't even know how to play.
- I think we should all ignore
that motherfucker for right now.
- No. I just put him
in his fucking place.
- Okay. Good. good.
- That was amazing
the way you handled that.
Paul: Fucking dickhead.
- Fucking dickhead is right.
- What's up. Kate?
- Not much.
- What'd you think
of that conversation?
- I thought Paul
raised some valid points.
- Uh-hmm.
...someone doing that to me.
I'm like. [scoffs] girl.
Christine: Don't feed into it.
- Thank you.
Is Drita in the shower?
- Yeah.
- Should we--should we go check?
Or she's
in the shower literally?
- Let me go...
Paul: Yeah. peep--
- ...uh. peep the vibe.
- Peep the vibe.
Christine: Peep the vibe.
- Hey. Drita. Are you okay
if I get in the shower. babe?
Drita: I'm done.
- Okay.
- I just need my lashes.
- Paul and I just wanna talk
to you whenever.
- Fuck Paul.
Christine: No. no.
- No. no. But I think--
Drita: Believe me. girl.
- We definitely need to have
a conversation with you.
- Oh. I think so.
- No. but you'll end this--
- There is absolutely no water
in my fucking thing.
So. I was like.
"Great. I'm gonna win."
- I'm not really sure
why Drita's upset.
I mean. our plan today
was that we needed to beat
Tyson and New York
and we did.
So. we should be
jumping up and down
and happy that one of us won.
One cup had to...
Drita: This ain't even
for discussion.
- ...fill up.
Drita: Right.
I had no water in mine.
If it's not a big deal
and it doesn't matter
and we're all winning.
why did that happen?
Christine:
At the end of the day.
our side of the house now
controls who goes
on the chopping block.
But she can't even be happy
for me in this moment in time?
Like. bitch. what?
I promise this will make sense.
Trust.
Drita: Got me in a bad
fucking mood.
- We should especially
be happy right now.
[dramatic music playing]
- Oh. I think she's emotional
because her it's daughter's
graduation tomorrow.
- Totally.
- So. she wanted
to especially win.
So. she's upset.
I'm just warning you.
Paul. I'm glad you came in.
How do you feel
like the game went?
- We were just saying that--
- Drita's upset.
- Dude. she's pissed.
What the fuck?
- Just... [sighs]
Paul: Can you guys. like.
help me kind of?
Kate: Yes. Okay. Hold on.
I don't know what conversations
you had out in the foam pit.
but I would be suspicious
from her perspective--
- Really? I don't want this woman
to be mad at me.
I didn't-- That was not
my intention. ever.
- I know. but everyone
has different perceptions
of this house.
We all know that. right?
She felt like by the time
New York and Tyson were out.
her cup was still empty.
- Yeah. she had nothing
in her cup. So. whenever--
Christine: That's a good thing.
- That's her point.
- Whenever--
- That's a good thing that--
Kate: So. why did she not win
is her point.
Paul: Because we said...
- If she was the only one
with none in the cup.
- ...let's even it out...
Christine: Yeah.
- ...right?
- I don't know who said
to even it out.
- Well...
Kate: Why would you do that?
- Everyone was
at such different levels
and I was like.
"Dude. it's the three of us."
- Let's [indistinct]
I agreed with you.
- So. I was like--
Kate: Why?
- Because...
- I don't know. Just--
until we figure it out.
- ...let's give each other
an even playing field.
Kate: That's--so that's what--
I don't understand.
Why would you make it even?
- Dude. in the moment.
I don't fucking know.
Christine: Yeah.
- We were like dead.
Christine: We were just like...
Paul: Did I not say.
"Hey. girls. what do we do?
Who wants it?"
- Yeah. No. he did.
- I said that several times.
- He definitely did.
- Regardless of how much water
or venom their argument holds.
I'm gonna side with Drita.
because my biggest flaw
is that I'm an empath.
which I think people...
That is not it.
Why is everybody laughing?
I'm just warning you. guys.
We love her. but she's mad.
Paul: Is she?
- Yes!
Christine: Yeah. Totally.
- Really?
- Let her say her piece
and then...
Paul: That's real.
- ...and then don't say
any other stuff.
Say. "I didn't know
you wanted to win so badly."
Instead of all the blah. blah.
blah. blah. blah. blah.
Paul: Sure.
Kate: That's what
she needs to hear.
Christine: I thought Kate
was on my side.
But if she wants
to play detective.
that's when I start
questioning her.
I am Supervillain
at the end of the day.
And what Kate's doing right now
is not smart.
Please understand.
Drita wasn't really
communicating with anyone.
I don't-- 'cause she
didn't say anything.
- Because she wanted to win.
Paul: 'Cause she--
will you please...
Kate: Why would you even bother
filling up Drita's at all
if it was empty?
That looks a little suspicious.
[dramatic music playing]
- They sound so cute.
I love the birds' chirps.
Drita: It got chilly out. right?
Kate: It's so nice.
Drita: No. it is nice.
Kate: I love it.
Drita: But it definitely
got chilly.
I was like. "What the hell?
Why am I cold right now?"
Paul: Wanna go out there?
So. go over there
and I'm gonna put my hoodie on
and I'll meet you there.
- Kate-ing is a verb.
To Kate means to bravo things.
It's being messy.
It's stirring the pot.
She's "Kate-ing." you know?
The verb of Kate-ing.
- Hi.
Christine: Hi.
I just looked and I'm like.
"The fucking sun's still out?"
How is this possible?
Oh. what a cruel world.
[birds chirping]
- Me and Christine
are not okay just because
we're sitting
next to each other. okay?
I'm pissed
because she's still
not owning up to me being right.
- Okay. Well. Paul's waiting
to talk to you.
So. I'll just tell him
like. you're cool.
Don't worry about it.
- What does he want to
talk to me about?
- About the game...
- I had no water in my cup.
I should have been Supervillain.
It didn't happen.
and that's that.
Nothing else is to be discussed.
- I was trying
to give everyone an even...
Drita: That's crazy.
- ...playing field.
Kate: I don't understand
that part.
Drita: Me neither.
I thought the game plan
was just for us to win.
It wasn't like...
- And we did. Drita. we did.
- Right.
- We did.
- But to go out of your way
to make sure I don't
is a little different.
- No. No. no. no.
Drita: Okay. So. tell me.
- Can I bring Paul over?
Drita: Why?
- We're all on the same team
about how we feel.
- Why?
- If we were all on the same team
- Yes.
- why the fuck were you both
spitting in my cup?
- I was trying to even
our playing field.
Drita: But why would you do that
when I'm killing it?
To even a playing field
with my two allies?
Does not make
any fucking sense at all.
Paul: So. now I understand
why you're upset.
because I had no idea
why you were upset.
I was confused.
That's why wanted to talk to you
because I was genuinely confused
as to why you were upset.
- Holy shit. Maybe I'm on--
am I on another fucking planet?
I'm gonna tell you why
I was fucking pissed today.
I got no water in my cup.
which means I'm Supervillain.
I'm gonna finally
send them home.
But then you just--
All of a sudden.
my cup is fucking going up.
and up. and up.
What was that. Paul?
- But it's not--
Drita: How did I lose?
Because you both were
spitting in my cup.
I would've won
if I didn't get tag-teamed
and I don't like
to get tag-teamed.
Paul: You didn't get
tag-teamed. Drita.
- Then I wouldn't have lost.
It was impossible.
Paul: Oh. my God. Okay.
Listen. Uh. it's--
- Oh. my God.
Was it possible for me
to fucking lose
with no water in the cup?
- No.
- You're making it about
winning--
- Thank you.
Tyson: The majority alliance
is fighting
and I love it.
[laughs]
Right now.
I'm just taking notes.
and maybe I can come in later
and drive a bigger wedge
between those three.
That way. I may have a shot.
- I didn't know you were trying
to win that's why I asked.
- Everybody's trying to win.
- Exactly!
I was trying to be fair
to the two of you.
Paul: Okay.
Kate: She wasn't trying
to go against the people
she's in a trust situation with.
- My mistake was--
- Thank you.
Christine:
You guys are fucking stupid.
- I'm stupid?
- I would love to continue
this conversation
without you guys. okay?
- Oh. me too?
Christine: I understand--
Drita: Don't even leave.
- You guys don't understand...
Drita: It's fine.
- ...who is in fucking charge
right now. honestly.
Drita: Okay.
- I'm pissed.
Tyson: Okay.
What the fuck is going on?
Christine: You have a choice.
- What's my choice?
- Kate. don't don't with me.
No. listen.
- What are you talking about?
Christine: Listen.
- What's my choice?
- The choice is let us have a...
Kate: Yeah. I'm leaving.
- ...conversation in the game. okay?
- I'm just getting wine
and leaving.
I'm just confused.
but I trust that
whatever will happen
will happen.
Kate: I thought this week
would be cut and dry.
Let's put Tyson and New York
up and send Tyson home.
But Christine is now
mad with power
and might ruin the whole plan.
Who knows
what she's gonna do?
Alice in Wonderland
has now become
the Queen of Hearts.
- We're all three
on the same page.
so I was trying to give everyone
an even chance.
Drita: Yeah.
because you were losing.
I am not fucking stupid.
And any motherfucker here
that's gonna even play me
like I'm dumb.
I'm gonna show you how
motherfucking gangster
I'd become.
Easy.
[whimsical music playing]
- Thank you.
Tyson: It seems like
everyone in the house
is all at each other's
throats.
so I may as well
crank up the heat in here.
[upbeat music playing]
Tyson: Hopefully. we can have
more in-house fighting
and maybe there's a chance
I can stick around.
[whimsical music playing]
- I can't sleep.
I've been up again
all fucking night.
[whimsical music playing]
- I can't take it anymore.
I don't know what's happened.
[Tyson snoring]
[dramatic music playing]
Tyson: How are you feeling?
Drita: I couldn't sleep at all.
Something's wrong
with the air conditioning.
- Cold or hot?
Drita: It was like so hot.
like over 80 degrees hot.
- Really?
Drita: Yeah.
- I don't know what
the argument was yesterday.
I don't wanna get into that.
but it should have just
had you win.
This Christine-Drita alliance
seems to have some cracks.
So. my strategy is
just to create
as much discord as I can.
Did I want Drita
to actually win this thing?
No. But me telling her
that they stopped her
from winning
will create some animosity.
And for me. that's good.
And if you're all three there...
- Thank you.
You start thinking
you're fucking nuts in here.
I'm not even giving thought
to Christine
being a Supervillain
because Christine
doesn't make any sense.
Her and Paul are in cahoots.
The whole thing is weird
and it makes me.
like. distrust her.
And I don't know who to believe
with anything anymore.
[pans clanking]
- Shit.
[upbeat music playing]
Tyson: Christine
is easy to manipulate.
So this is my opportunity
to pull the focus off myself
and put it on Kate and Drita
instead of me.
Is it last-ditch? Kind of. yeah.
But I have nothing
to lose. honestly.
And I do have
a little bit of hope.
We have a few minutes.
Well. we're in the endgame.
So. you-- did-- like.
I know you're smart.
I know that you have ideas
on what you wanna do.
But as it gets close.
you'd need to think
who can you beat at the end.
like. who are you gonna
get votes over?
You have to go through the list.
Is Jackie voting for me.
is Plane Jane voting for me?
Are they voting for so and so?
You have to place yourself
next--
'cause you're in the best
position possible right now
that you get to decide
someone who is probably
gonna get more votes than you
at the end
can be out of the game.
If I'm on the Hit List.
I can't do anything.
If I'm off the Hit List.
I will vote
however you want me to vote
for the people
that are on the Hit List
because you won't have a vote
'cause you're a Supervillain.
- Yeah.
- Am I safe?
Do you know?
Am I not safe?
Am I going on the Hit List?
- My goal has changed
as of yesterday
because of what I saw.
- Yeah.
- I was trying to get everyone
an even playing field.
- Yeah.
- And Kate was like.
"That was a dumb strategy.
That was a dumb strategy."
- Yeah.
- It's almost as if some people
really don't understand
how the game works.
- You tell me what we're doing
and I will do that vote.
- After yesterday.
I feel like anything I do
is gonna make Drita triggered
and feel betrayed.
So. maybe it's time for me
to switch things up.
work with Tyson and New York.
piss everyone off.
- Okay.
We'll try and catch up later.
- I feel like these
motherfuckers don't know
I'm standing on business.
Why is it not clocking to them?
I'm Supervillain. Hello?
Drita: Hey. You have your phone?
Bitch. how'd you get it?
Kate: I had to make
a car payment.
Do you feel better
about the cups thing?
Drita: No. I stand my ground
on the cups thing.
Kate: Yeah.
Drita: I will never--
no one will sway me.
Not you. not them. nobody.
- I don't think
she's that stupid
that she didn't
understand the game.
Drita: Hello?
She definitely knows
exactly what she's doing.
Kate: Right.
- You could brush your
hair all day long.
but I know what the fuck I felt.
saw. and everything.
At this point.
I wouldn't be surprised
if Christine put me
on the Hit List
because I'm in a game
with a bunch of scheming.
lying motherfuckers
that are pissing me off.
- She very well
may put me up.
but we'll handle that
when we get there.
[PA chimes]
Joel: Villains. it's time
to start getting ready
for your Hit List ceremony.
Last chance to talk
to Christine.
She's currently
brushing her hair
and will be for the next
45 minutes. I imagine.
So. you'll know
where to find her.
Drita: Talk to you later.
Kate: Okay. Bye.
Some music would be nice.
Singer: ♪ Wonder ♪
[upbeat music playing]
- [bell dinging]
Joel: Villains.
go to the secret bookshelf
and walk into it.
This time.
don't move the bookshelf
out of the way.
It's a hologram. you'll see.
Christine: Aw.
Joel: Way to be polite. Paul.
Ladies first. Nicely done.
[Drita laughs]
[tense music playing]
Joel: Hi. guys.
- What's up. Joel?
Drita: Hello. Joel.
- Welcome to the Hit List
nominations time.
Oh. you. very smart.
- Is that what we're doing?
Okay.
- No.
- Good morning.
- Oh. hi.
Hi. Good morning.
Oh. hi. Look at you.
- Hi. Joel.
How are you?
Joel: Hi. Hi.
Oh. yeah.
Remaining villains.
it's time
for your Hit List nominations.
Christine. you are Supervillain
of the week.
Please sit on your purse.
[Kate laughs]
- You guys seen
Christine's purse yet?
- So great.
Paul: It's awesome.
- I made it myself.
- It's the coolest thing.
Joel: It's pretty cool.
Very practical as well.
Christine: Yes.
- It'll put a Birkin into shame.
- Christine.
the power is in your hands.
You get to choose
the two villains in danger.
Remember. the two villains
you name tonight
will have no shot at redemption.
They'll just face
a cold hard vote
where one of them
will lose out on their chance
at $200.000.
- Tonight is
Friday the 13th.
That is not a good thing here
at the House of Villains.
Christine is definitely
Jason Voorhees
because she is Supervillain
and she is gonna make
a huge cut.
- Villains.
if you get nominated.
please step over here
and take it all personally.
All right. Christine.
it's time to share
who you wanna nominate first.
And please. take me
through your thought process.
step by step.
from the moment you were
crowned Supervillain until now.
I really wanna understand
how your mind works.
I think it is
gonna be studied someday.
- First.
I'm going to nominate...
Kate.
- Um...
Christine putting up Kate
is fucking crazy
because it was supposed to be
Tyson and New York.
And if it means what I think
it could mean.
Drita might be
the next nomination.
This is not according
to our plan.
- Kate. how you feeling?
- I feel good enough.
- You think you're safe up there?
- No. But I like my dress.
I had a feeling
I'd be on the Hit List.
That's why I wore my dress.
But I'm really hoping
Christine
is gonna put Tyson
on the Hit List.
If she doesn't.
I'm probably out.
- Anything you wanna say
to Christine. Kate?
- No. this is fair
because I nominated her
last time.
so I respect her decision.
- Christine. whose day
will you ruin next?
- The next person
I'm going to nominate.
um. is a tough decision for me.
I've seen
a lot of my friends go.
a lot of villains go.
and I hate it.
I do because I feel like
if this person
was honest earlier.
I could have been
in different position.
And for that alone.
I'm sorry Tyson.
I have to nominate you.
- Yes. Yes.
After all the ups and downs.
Christine put Tyson
on the Hit List.
which is amazing.
I'm not forgetting
what she did in the challenge
but I'm gonna work with her
and see what happens.
But she's not allowed
to make a mess no more.
I can tell you that shit.
- All right.
How does it feel to be nominated
for the Hit List?
- Uh. kind of status quo.
There were four people
targeting me
at the last challenge.
so I felt like
the writing was on the wall.
- There we have it.
the latest Hit List nominees.
Look upon them
and weep or laugh.
I don't really care.
You will be returning
to this room
to vote in just 30 minutes.
Paul: I think I had a stroke.
Tyson: This is it.
I have one more chance
to fight another day
and it's all coming down
to a guy who dresses likes me.
I did just tell him off
but if Paul's smarter
than he looks.
then he'll vote to banish Kate
since she's a bigger threat
in the game currently.
So let's see what we can do.
30 minutes.
Tiffany: Oh. 30. 30.
- I'm gonna start
taking appointments then
because I'm still Supervillain.
- Well. I mean...
- I guess.
- Right?
- Yeah. But your votes--
your vote doesn't count.
[Drita laughs]
You can't take appointments.
It's too late.
- Fuck it. I don't care.
The irony of me
having the most power
in all of the house.
- [dings]
- What are we
supposed to be doing?
It is dangerous and reckless
because I'm about to take
someone out of the house
and everyone else--
I don't--I don't know
how to end that sentence.
Can we make a pact
that we will talk
and it will get nowhere else
in the house?
I promise.
- Can I make that pact if I stay?
Did she already forget
she has put me on the Hit List?
- I need a promise now.
- Why?
- Because voters are...
- Voters are voting.
- I'm not making...
- People are campaigning and I...
- It's just Tyson
and me campaigning
and you're not voting
so I don't have
to promise anything to you.
Okay.
- Yeah.
Kate: But you're saying
moving forward.
- Moving forward.
Kate: Can we discuss that
once...
- Yeah. We will.
Kate: ...I'm not buckled
in the chair?
- We will. Yup.
Okay.
[upbeat music playing]
- I can't tell if she's stupid
or smart. you know.
Maybe both.
Tyson: Am I safe?
Paul: I don't know. man.
Tyson: New York's with me.
- Are you certain?
- Yes.
- What are you thinking?
- Because if she votes
to keep me
and you vote to keep me.
I'm here still.
- Right. Um...
- Otherwise.
Kate's gonna be here.
- You're right but...
- I mean. myself. I don't think
I could beat Kate in the end.
Like right at this point.
if it was the finale right now.
I don't have the resume
that she has.
- I don't neither.
- I know. So...
- Look. Kate is a little bit
more of a wildcard
to be in the endgame
with than Tyson is.
like Tyson hasn't
really done shit.
whereas Kate has gotten
some blood on her hands.
Impressive for
the House of Villains.
So it's not so cut and dry.
I do have some things
to consider here.
- That shit
that Kate did yesterday
like. that was so intentional.
- If you think
I don't believe you.
you're out of your mind.
Christine: Yeah.
- You don't even have
to discuss that with me.
- Almost like her
whole thing is.
"Let's turn other people
against each other." yeah.
- Well. it's not
gonna happen on me and you.
- Yeah.
- And tomorrow.
if we need to beat Kate.
we beat Kate.
- Hmm. So pretty.
Tiffany: Sit here.
- The other two
are probably getting a near fall
from Kate. so...
- It's my third time
on the Hit List.
- You didn't get buckled?
- I never been buckled.
- No. the buckling was not cute.
- Today. you've been--
gonna be buckled. right?
- True.
- Yes.
- I'm stressed.
- Been burned on reality TV
so many times
that I quit reality TV.
It's my first time
back in three years.
I'm here to do this.
Are you voting to keep me here?
- Of course I am.
[PA chiming]
Joel: All right. You guys.
go to the bookcase now.
Your 30 minutes is up.
Get there right now.
Go ahead.
Go. go. go. go. go.
All right. Here we go.
That was the 30 minutes.
Get in there now.
Tyson: Jesus Christ.
That was the fastest 30 minutes
in my life.
I think I did enough damage
control but you never know.
If these people are smart.
they'll eliminate Kate.
Hopefully. I was able
to show them that.
[suspenseful music playing]
- [snoring]
[gasp] Hey. what are you
guys doing here?
- Joel. you got to wake up.
- Oh. right.
It's that accelerated
banishment thingy.
Uh. what do you guys'...
- What were you doing
for half an hour?
- Going home.
- It's the longest half hour.
- McHale is clocking in.
All right. Here we go.
Woo. All right.
Villains.
welcome to the Stronghold.
You were just here
so you know what to do.
Christine. you are Supervillain.
Kate. Tyson.
you're up for banishment.
Please stand in front
of your chairs.
We're about to find out
who are the final five villains.
Guys. it's time to make
your final pleas. Kate.
- I've had a great time playing
the game with all of you.
Tyson had a lot of alliances
with everyone in the house
and I pissed off
everyone in the house.
so I feel like
I'm the better person
to be standing there
at the end with you.
Tyson's a master manipulator.
a master gamer.
and anything he's told you
is a lie.
And the people that
would be voting for
the winner will be manipulated
by his lies.
- Have you lied at all?
- Only when I told you
I liked your outfit.
- Shit. That was good.
Tyson. you're up for banishment.
Please give us
your final plea and--
- And sing like a canary.
- What the hell. Drita?
- [laughs]
- Damn. All right. So Tyson.
other than your shoes.
do you have any regrets?
- Kate is the clear frontrunner
to win this game.
She's driven the game
the last two weeks.
She's gotten rid
of all the threats
and she squashed out
any opposition.
If she gets to the end.
she has two more checkmarks
on her resume
before she even gets there.
So if you wanna go up against
that or take that risk.
that's on you.
But. and I mean it
as a compliment.
Kate. you have been playing
the best game up to this point.
Joel: Wow.
While you guys are voting.
I'm gonna ask Kate and Tyson
to take a seat
and ready yourselves
for my strap-on.
- Ooh. I wanna sit down then.
- You know what? I'm sorry.
That sounded very wrong.
Paul will be the first to vote.
There's also a. uh.
Chrome Hearts store back there
so go wild.
- Oh.
[Tiffany laughs]
- Well. who's better
for my endgame?
- I'm not gonna help 'cause
I don't wanna be canceled.
Good.
- Can you get my bottom one?
- But I will help you out
right here. No.
- I have been waiting
for this forever.
[dings]
- Bye-bye. Tyson.
Joel: Man.
with the color of your coat.
you look like a pilot.
- Pretty cool.
- Not really.
- Tyson has been my bro dog.
my buddy.
partner in crime since this
whole thing has happened.
Joel: All right. guys.
Let's give the bloodthirsty
monsters watching this show
what they want.
The sixth villain
to be voted off
the House of Villains
in a unanimous vote is...
Tyron-- Tyson. I'm sorry.
[woman chuckling]
- Talk is very cheap.
I have to go with actions.
See you later. Tyson.
- Congrats. Kate.
I love you. New York.
- No. you don't.
Tyson: And for the record.
I was the one fucking
with the thermostats.
- Fuck you!
- I knew it!
- Suck my dick. Woo!
Tiffany: You fucker!
Drita: Bye. Tyson!
- Suck my dick.
Drita: Later. fucker!
Tiffany: That's it.
- It's just so poetic
that the reason
I found the journal
was because I was hot.
The reason I was hot
was because Tyson
was messing
with the thermostat.
And ultimately.
it was the list I found
in that journal
that made Tyson eat 30 worms.
Look at that.
- Thankful.
- Deuces. Yes!
Tiffany: Uh-huh.
- I've been on these shows
a lot of times.
I've learned that the person
with the most talent
almost never wins.
- Guys. look.
Kate is displaying emotion.
- Games like this are designed
for the talentless to stay in.
so congratulations. guys.
but I'm still Tyson.
you're still not.
[intense music playing]
Joel: Coming up next
on the season finale
of House of Villains.
Tonight. one of you
will be crowned
America's ultimate
Supervillain
and win $200.000.
Tom: We're here.
- Oh. my gosh.
The exterminators are here.
Ashley: We're back.
- All right.
- Where are the rats?
- I'm so happy to be back
in the super bed.
- I know. Me too. man.
- This is exactly how I feel
coming back into this house.
[laughs]
Joel: This is your final
Battle Royale Challenge.
- It's spinning.
- Villains.
mount your screws.
- I wanna be in the final three
more than ever.
- New York. how you doing?
- I love to screw
but not like this.
Joel: Hello. villains.
welcome to your final
Hit List Nomination.
[bleep] It's time to share
who you want to nominate
for the Hit List.
- I've been getting gangbanged
and I am still here.
Drita: If there's one
fucking thing I'm gonna say.
then I ain't gonna say
nothing.
if I don't win.
I will make sure you lose.
- Oh. my God.
[whispers] Oh. my God.
[suspenseful music playing]